sup sup sup sup sup sis Labor Day pretty
exciting stuff what I love you know i
love about New York City is its labor
day and like people are hustling I've
already had meeting going and going to
another meeting i'm heading to queens
today it's not exciting i've never been
to Queens before do you guys hear that
probably not um something has really
been bothering me I think it's a
personal problem see those things right
there a driving me crazy in between the
sirens and the cars the noise yeah New
York is noisy but nothing is worse than
the consistent tick of a clock these
have been driving me crazy I think it's
just time to give up throwing away I
would love to tell time but not this way
you're too noisy what I'm sitting at my
desk working or on my bed trying to go
to sleep and there's just the slightest
tick tick and there's two and so they'd
be like oh my gosh fam I'm kind of sad
because my mom grandma left is so good
having them a town in New York City love
them lot so it was good to have him but
I'm glad they're gone now but what goes
on it's time to hustle hustle hustle
foot fact my senior year of high school
money while my grandma who saw in the
previous vlogs she paid for a trip to
New York for me and my mom I at that
time for year three oh three or four you
got four years ago I didn't really have
any interest in like new york city ok
cool free trip let's do this didn't have
high expectations came here was blown
away i became completely addicted to the
energy and I left that trip saying I
will live here one day even it's just
for a year or for however long I will
live here one day so to be in a position
now from living in New York and I'm
actually doing it it's just so cool and
so it's cool to have her up here because
she was really the one who sparked my my
love for this city by just
kinda giving me the trip as a graduation
present which was awesome so thanks me
Mom it's time to go to Queens I'm gonna
visit a friend chris Christie ok
gotta make sure to have all the things i
have all the things this by pack I think
it's just like forever 21 backpack and I
got freshman year high school it's not
crazy it's actually a quality backpack
imagine that something lasting something
not falling apart from forever 21 I
think it's actually bourbon outfitters
and I love backpack so I have I have a
lot of backpacks
so quiet here in Queens Oh Chris okay
it's quiet oh yeah there's no one out
here Queens is different yeah this is
sick this is a we work in a Queen's look
at these conference rooms crazy crazy
crazy crazy I always say the words the
only bad thing about living in Manhattan
is you can't really see me in heaven
that's good we're here live at the kick
stir official office with my boy chris
chris what does kicks german the offices
for kick sir it's a number one sneaker
app on the App Store so we basically
make a product for eye on sneakers high
in fashion and sneaker culture so like
music like hip-hop sports fashion
general all that culture kind of comes
together on our app and we have like
super release dates you have news of all
the other information we have great week
break news before news sites actually so
like if you need to know about shoes you
know yesterday Bosh I got texture I like
this a lot yes i have i have so i made
breeze that's amazing I have these white
words in my at my place but I like the
frosted glass and it looks like it
erases really well yeah
mmm we're going up there yes every time
I'm on a rooftop I'm just like why don't
I have a drone got to make it happen oh
holy crap cheese don't you have any fees
they don't want you to have these years
I don't know lazy system
already rigged up because it's so great
hangout Chris making moves people making
boobs now back to Manhattan time to do
some editing if you haven't watched this
week's new episode of creating space TV
yet it's a by the time you're seeing us
to go watch it go watch you go watch it
watch it come on okay I didn't finish
the creative spaces TV edit but it's
closed so i'm going to go into the
outside world be social for a little bit
i'm going to go to dinner with my friend
brandon brandon has been on the vlog
multiple times so the Kanye West concert
is tonight at Madison Square Garden I'm
probably gonna see a lot of that Kanye
merch on the streets on my way on the
way to meet brandon i'm here with
Brandon yo how are you digging the new
apartment cuz it's fresh I'm loving it
east village mm-hmm place to be it is we
got some great dinner mmm-hmm these
village is in lower Manhattan and it is
just so fabulous again every time I come
down here I say how much I love lower
Manhattan it's just amazing and this
these apartments are very nice you
should see the outside but I don't want
to show you the outside because I love
this or like what you around since I
moved in to say I was like boom tabs to
a tapestry I need a tapestry something
it's something that I'm trying to do
i'll show you when i get back to my
apartment is i have a couch and then I
have a huge space like this a huge white
space and let me know what you think
this idea yeah I want just a huge huge
canvas with just a peach in the middle
yes I'm gonna be pretty great that's
sick I'm being brave yeah if you very
very on your own apart yes because my
wall is white and so maybe the canvas is
color Oh like blue
that's nice with each in the middle just
a just a peach so everyone would come
over and sit down on the couch and get
get there get there oh it's like a soap
it's a selfie spot how do you good
school that's let me know if anyone has
any hookups with people that make large
prints Oh anxious the couch is always
see no one ever knows yes just bgs just
teaches tonight at dinner you picked out
a great place yes because I had a moment
a slight fangirl moment we were eating
the same restaurant as Alexa Chung why
that was cool it was really freaked out
I mean the question is your own I
thought someone died like I was I was
just like that's Alexa Chung I heard I
heard her voice yes and then I looked
and she's like very fashionable quater
she's cool he's cool so it's fun okay
you're gonna sign it off Brandon instead
say it's okay by year and a half or two
years ago I was really trying to figure
out what I wanted to do in my life next
and I was like okay I'm gonna go to
graduate school it I really don't know
what I want to do and seems like the
next best step I went through the whole
process in my essays i had written about
how I really wanted to become an
entrepreneur I really wanted to go to
the business school so I could be an
entrepreneur I'd really killed myself
prepping for these business school apps
for like six to seven months and then
the week they were do i was about to
submit him and my mom was like wait
don't submit the apps I really don't
think you want to go to business school
I really thought about it and day or two
before applications are due I decided
not to submit